housing mass depot 2 in the yard
apartment building cops
dealt with the circumstances of the lung
injuring a five year old girl who
hit a passing car
toyota belta drove a 27 year old
citizen with a half years old him
driving experience here she came
to get to the house girlfriend dropped off
passengers headed home to air
town I drove through the yard down
slowly because it was already going
to slow down and then sharply because of the car
the child jumped out and crashed into the car
Well, I immediately became sharply on the brakes
and came out well you stood right there parents
began to scold him that it pops up
the baby started shits what she wanted 1
get into the car whose car says
the mistress was you belong to the father of the girl
black virus was parked second
in a row from entrance 1 in the row stood
subcompact and a car because of which and
jumped out baby hitting a girl not
there was a baby plopped abortion car
and fell in surprise on the asphalt
in front of his grandmother the child became
complain yes I introduced grabbed and say u
Does it hurt you somewhere at me
leg hurts natural and and grabbed me
I had no time to even talk to her
took the child
shook the car you planted
took off the area became her consider she
sat down according to the mistress of gold and parents
girls had no complaints about her
and an hour after the collision
car suits were called by police from
department of tracing and demanded to return
to the place of the accident you did not have such that
wait we will draw you now
thats me so I myself would have no problems
let's get rid of these problems
are needed
Of course I would do it but they all
gathered to leave while car lover
came back the baby had
examine doctors ambulance reasons for
they did not find any concerns
contact the police and doctors
parents decided after a dialogue with a neighbor
she convinced them that the hostess toyota
need to punish the fact that the machine
constantly driving around the yard
constantly it's there and here and
the roadway behind the house is wonderful
the awkwardness of the moment was that
anticipate the appearance of a child
car owner could not all forced
the cars of the same tenants consider who
more to blame the driver who rides
slowly across the yard
vase nature baby wack you know i
I do not want to say because I spent
ignorance but generally water in odessa
Equal drivers must be this because
that children of the forest and for another car
Well, what are the relatives of the child and the mistress
toyota never agreed
about guilt
will understand this matter
investigators from the scene
the driver would separate tatyana shaburov and
Alexander Savchuk